Use composite action for issue creation (#131)
lycheeverse/lychee-action: README.md

      - uses: actions/checkout@v3

      - name: Link Checker
        uses: lycheeverse/lychee-action@v2.0.0
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN}}

```

> Issue creation can optionally be disabled
> 
> ```yaml
> - name: Link Checker
>   uses: lycheeverse/lychee-action@v2.0.0
>   with:
>     createIssue: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When failing links are found, `lychee-action` can create and update an issue with the `createIssue` input:

```yaml
- name: Link Checker
  uses: lycheeverse/lychee-action@v2.0.0
  with:
    createIssue: true
```

You might want to show off / mention other supported features too?
